that have titles here in another mode of
minecraft and here for people to
ask why there are no videos before
or because our seen uploading videos
or one for some style is that good
I had a microphone and read everything I've
borrowed my microphone I lent to my
friend
the day before yesterday go good this vote consists
in many swords
normally several swords for example
we have fire
braking compass and if everyone does something
different for example the fire I do not know what
makes are like swords skin nothing more
but no
it's like
is that of swords because I do not really know
what each one does has its
durability let's say that you think that
is
the good fire that's it was going to be
more were things of another the same
they are like different skin later and this
sword from the flesh
we have one step these and good every
castellón and a diamond for everything
and you can only chop earth
or if
hiring
and this is created as if it were a sword
but with a diamond - let's say the
peak is with this and for what you get good
this is diamond diamond
diamond do and where do they go from there
and it's already a peak spa
the venerated the way it poisons
a victim
using for example a chicken
not about a bug
so I do not know
a witch to prove never
even though
and canada
as well as not stretching the poison
we go this way or nothing
Y
it's raw meat
That can put me to death
and well let's move on what would be the
installation of the mod
well this is the mode let's get on
page one more on the page
well here only caustically by
example is done with this and this
blazy diamond a stick of fire with the
diamond lighter if so is not very
difficult wallet reality because the foot
things
that you can see and get fast from
water sugar meat I did not think of adore
but now
this is getting in and lift up good I do not know
how is that we are going to download this that
here says download mediafire does not have
leaves fly so good
I only have and you will leave it in the
description because I do not know where the
Page now I'm looking for
well let's make minecraft we close
minecraft let's go here start percentage
ap datan percentage let's see what
can execute and then percentage
from percentage a second minecraft
formosa ping pong minecraft open with
oier chips
good those who have a goal and if they have it
what to delete because it is not compatible
against with the mold to see
for the description is to come back because what
I have here just download
and good
as usual
we see this
and I 'm going to talk about bone
we hit it yes well that we do loader
now
that is the mode then we copy and what
we stick
mods here is
in January
that is another are attempts
well this is the mod
hop a stool
to the senate
I have none I believe and as you can see
nothing grew
and until the light
swords in his che style studio